.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH "Workspace" 1x "January 1999"
.SH NAME
workspace \- X11 window manager with a NEXTSTEP look
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B workspace
.I "[-options]"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Workspace is a X11 window manager with a NEXTSTEP look. It tries to
emulate NeXT's look as much as possible, but it deviates from it as
necessary.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B \-display host:display.screen
specify display to use.
On multiheaded machines, Workspace will automatically manage all screens.
If you want Workspace to manage only a specific screen, you must supply
the screen number you want to have managed with the 
.B \-display
command line argument. For example, if you want Workspace to manage only
screen 1, start it as:
.B workspace -display :0.1
.TP
.B \-\-no\-cpp
disable preprocessing of configuration files
.TP
.B \-\-no\-dock
do not show the application Dock
.TP
.B \-\-no\-clip
do not show the workspace Clip
.TP
.B \-\-no\-autolaunch
do not autolaunch applications
.TP
.B \-\-dont\-restore
do not restore saved session
.TP
.B \-\-locale locale
specify the locale to use
.TP
.B \-\-create-stdcmap
create the standard colormap hint in PseudoColor visuals
.TP
.B \-\-visual\-id
visual id of visual to use
.TP
.B \-\-static
do not update or save configurations
.TP
.B \-\-version
display version number and exit
.TP
.B \-\-visual\-id
specify the ID of the visual to use. See
.BR xdpyinfo (1x)
for a list of visuals available in your display.
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a brief help message
.PP
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/Workspace
general Workspace defaults.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/WMState
information about the Dock and Clip. DON'T edit this while running
Workspace. It will be overwritten.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/WMRootMenu
Contains the name of the file to read the root menu from or the
menu itself, in property list format.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/WMWindowAttributes
Attributes for different application classes and instances. Use the
Attribute Editor (right drag the application's title bar, select
Attributes) instead of modifying this file directly. There are just a
few options not available using the Attributes Editor.
.TP
.B /usr/share/Workspace/Defaults/
All the above-mentioned files are READ from here if not found except
for WMState, which is COPIED from here. No matter where they are read
from, if it's necessary to write configuration changes back into this
files, user's files will be written to.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/autostart
This script is automatically executed when Workspace is started.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/exitscript
This script is automatically executed immediately before Workspace is 
exited.
.B Note:
If you need to run something that requires the X server to be running
from this script, make sure you do not use the
.I SHUTDOWN
command from the root menu to exit Workspace. Otherwise, the X server
might be shut down before the script is executed.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/
The menu file indicated in WMRootMenu is looked for here...
.TP
.B /etc/X11/Workspace/
and here, in that order. Unless, the indicated path is an absolute path.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/Pixmaps/
Workspace looks for \fBpixmaps\fP here
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/Backgrounds/
Workspace looks for backgrounds here
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/Styles/
Workspace looks for style files here (not true... it looks like it
does, but you have to specify the full path anyway, it's just a place
to keep things nicely ordered)
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/Themes/
Workspace looks for theme files here (ibid)
.TP
.B /usr/share/Workspace/Pixmaps/
System-wide (Workspace-specific) pixmaps are located here
.TP
.B /usr/share/Workspace/Styles/
System wide styles are here
.TP
.B /usr/share/Workspace/Themes/
Guess... ;-)
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT
specifies the initial path for the Defaults directory. "Defaults/" is
appended to this variable to determine the actual location of the
databases. If the varialbe is not set, it defaults to "~/.workspace"
.IP GNUSTEP_LOCAL_ROOT
specifies the location of the system-wide \fBlocal\fP .workspace
directory (this is useful, for example, in those cases where the
system-wide location is really a network wide location). If this
variable is empty, GNUSTEP_SYSTEM_ROOT is looked for.
.IP GNUSTEP_SYSTEM_ROOT
specifies the location of the system-wide .workspace directory. If this
variable is empty, it defaults to /etc/.workspace
.SH SEE ALSO
The Workspace User Guide
.PP
The Workspace FAQ
.PP
.BR X (1x),
.BR wdwrite (1x),
.BR wxcopy (1x),
.BR geticonset (1x),
.BR seticons (1x),
.BR workspace (1x),
.BR wxpaste (1x),
.BR getstyle (1x),
.BR setstyle (1x),
.BR wmsetbg (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
Workspace was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@workspace.info>,
Dan Pascu <dan@workspace.info> with contributions from many people around
the Internet.
.PP
This manual page was written by Marcelo E. Magallon, <mmagallo@debian.org>.
