.TH "Workspace" 1x "March 2001" "Debian Project"
.SH NAME
WPrefs \- Workspace configuration tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B WPrefs
.I "[-options]"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
WPrefs.app is the preferences "editor" for the Workspace window manager. It
can be used to set most of the preference options of Workspace and define
it's applications menu. It also can change some settings that do not belong to
Workspace.
.PP
Although WPrefs.app is designed to be easy to use, you should read the
user guide to be fully aware of all available options and other features
of Workspace that are not related to configuration.
.PP
\fIOnly options that have different values than what is found in the
system-wide configuration file is saved.\fP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.B \-display host:display.screen
specify display to use.
.TP
.B \-\-version
display version number and exit
.TP
.B \-\-help
display help message and exit
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/Workspace
general Workspace defaults.
.TP
.B /etc/.workspace/Defaults/Workspace
system wide Workspace defaults.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Defaults/WMRootMenu
Contains the name of the file to read the root menu from or the
menu itself, in property list format.
.TP
.B ~/.workspace/Library/Workspace/autostart
This script is automatically executed when Workspace is started.  WPrefs
saves the mouse speed configuration is saved as a call for xset here.
.SH SEE ALSO
The Workspace User Guide
.PP
The Workspace FAQ
.PP
.BR workspace (1x)
.SH AUTHOR
Workspace was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@workspace.info>,
Dan Pascu <dan@workspace.info> with contributions from many people around
the Internet.
.PP
This manual page was written by Marcelo E. Magallon, <mmagallo@debian.org>,
for the Debian Project and might be used freely by others.
